Update docs for multi-bot LLM and name change. (#7167)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/chat-with-copilot.rst

  :alt: Select the AI Actions icon to access AI options.
  :class: theme-icon

Overcome information overload and streamline communication and collaboration by chatting with the Mattermost Copilot in your Mattermost instance. Copilot is an LLM-powered assistant with a flexable backend that can be configured to meet your organization's needs. Copilot can help you summarize call recordings, threads, and unread channel messages, and provide insights on any topic you're curious about.

.. note::

>   Copilot must be :doc:`enabled and configured </configure/enable-ai-copilot>` by a Mattermost system admin in the System Console before you can start using it.

Reviewer: Is the URL changing?

Author: Don't think so.

1. In a channel with unread messages, scroll to the **New Messages** cutoff, select **Ask AI**, and then select **Summarize new messages**.
2. The channel summary is generated in the Copilot pane, and only you can view the summary.

> You can switch between multiple bots (if configured) by selecting them in the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your system admin has :doc:`configured multiple bots </configure/enable-copilot>`, you can switch between them by selecting one from the drop-down menu.
```

.. include:: ../_static/badges/ent-only.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> Invoke the power of AI by @mentioning the Copilot bot with ``@copilot`` in any thread to bring AI's capabilities to your conversation, allowing for quick extraction of information or transformation of discussions into charts, resources, documentation, articles, and more. Copilot will find action items and open questions in new messages. With the power of Mattermost integrations and interoperability, the potential to enhance your workflow is limitless.

Reviewer: Should we make it clear that `copilot` is the bot's username? Should we just use the default value of that field?

Author: Updated
